From: upload@pause.perl.org
Subject: Module submission lib::vswitch


The following module was proposed for inclusion in the Module List:

  modid:       lib::vswitch
  DSLIP:       adppp
  description: select another version of 'dist' into @INC
  userid:      MCAST (Matthew Astley)
  chapterid:   27 (Pragma)
  communities:
    none; rt.cpan.org or Github merge request

  similar:
    lib Project::Libs lib::restrict Apache::PerlVINC Module::Mask

  rationale:

    Observed problem to solve:

    Some code-bases rely on a specific (not the latest) version of a
    distribution of modules. They usually manage this by installing it
    during app setup and calling "use lib" with that. Hopefully, only
    once.

    I found many libraries to do things to @INC, some discussed below,
    but nothing to manage potential conflict e.g. loading one module
    from BioPerl-0.7.2 before putting BioPerl-1.2.3 onto @INC - YMMV!

    Choice of lib::vswitch name:

    It needs to be not much longer than 'lib' and imply change to @INC.

    It isn't specific to the Bio:: namespace, although this is the area
    I currently observe the problem.

    I am cautious to request lib:: namespace, hence registering before
    uploading. Code is at https://github.com/mca-wtsi/lib-vswitch

    It is not too late to change the name, if you have a better idea.

    Related modules:

    lib - proposed lib::vswitch does the same, but without requiring
    the caller to know the path, and with more checking

    Project::Libs - another @INC extender, in non-lib namespace

    lib::restrict - another @INC extender, in lib namespace

    Apache::PerlVINC - module version switching, in mod_perl context

    Module::Mask - lib::vswitch may need to do something similar, to
    prevent accidents with partially shadowed dists

    I don't see a general way to compose such features together, and I
    think that would be a separate problem.

    However, tweaking of lib::vswitch by the caller should be possible
    by subclassing (but YAGNI?).

    Thanks, -- Matthew

  enteredby:   MCAST (Matthew Astley)
  enteredon:   Thu Nov 24 00:27:52 2011 GMT

The resulting entry would be:

lib::
::vswitch         adppp select another version of 'dist' into @INC   MCAST


Thanks for registering,
-- 
The PA
    USE
